Claim check pattern samples refresh (#129)
mspnp/cloud-design-patterns: claim-check/code-samples/sample-3/readme.md

# Sample 3: Automatic token generation with Event Grid, Service Bus as messaging system

## Technologies used: Azure Blob Storage, Azure Event Grid, Azure Service Bus,.NET 8.0

> Like in Samples 1 and 2, a reference message is automatically generated by [Event Grid](https://azure.microsoft.com/services/event-grid/) when the payload is uploaded to Azure Blob Storage. In this sample, [Service Bus](https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/service-bus) is used as the messaging system.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Like in samples 1 and 2, a reference message is automatically generated by [Event Grid](https://azure.microsoft.com/services/event-grid/) when the payload is uploaded to Azure Blob Storage. In this sample, [Service Bus](https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/service-bus) is used as the messaging system.
```

> Forwarding Event Grid events to Service Bus simplifies integration with existing Service Bus solutions  and taking advantage of its unique capabilities, like its enterprise messaging capabilities and transactional message processing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Forwarding Event Grid events to Service Bus simplifies integration with existing Service Bus solutions. Your solution can also take advantage of its unique capabilities, like its enterprise messaging capabilities and transactional message processing.
```

> > This example uses [`DefaultAzureCredential`](https://learn.microsoft.com/edotnet/azure/sdk/authentication/?#defaultazurecredential) for authentication while accessing Azure resources. the user principal must be provided as a parameter to the included Bicep script. The Bicep script is responsible for assigning the necessary RBAC (Role-Based Access Control) permissions for accessing the various Azure resources. While the principal can be the account associated with the interactive user, there are alternative [configurations](https://learn.microsoft.com/dotnet/azure/sdk/authentication/?tabs=command-line#exploring-the-sequence-of-defaultazurecredential-authentication-methods) available.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> This example uses [`DefaultAzureCredential`](https://learn.microsoft.com/dotnet/azure/sdk/authentication/#defaultazurecredential) for authentication while accessing Azure resources. the user principal must be provided as a parameter to the included Bicep script. The Bicep script is responsible for assigning the necessary RBAC (Role-Based Access Control) permissions for accessing the various Azure resources. While the principal can be the account associated with the interactive user, there are alternative [configurations](https://learn.microsoft.com/dotnet/azure/sdk/authentication/?tabs=command-line#exploring-the-sequence-of-defaultazurecredential-authentication-methods) available.
```

> ![Message with Claim Check](images/Sample-3-diagram.jpg)

Reviewer: Please add more meaningful alt-text

Author: done

### Steps

1. Clone this repository to your workstation and navigate to the working directory.

   ```shell
   git clone https://github.com/mspnp/cloud-design-patterns
   cd cloud-design-patterns/claim-check/code-samples/sample-3
   ```

1. Log into Azure and create an empty resource group.

   ```azurecli
   az login
   az account set -s <Name or ID of subscription>

   NAME_PREFIX=<unique value between three to five characters>
   az group create -n "rg-${NAME_PREFIX}" -l eastus2

  ```

1. Deploy the supporting Azure resources.

   ```azurecli
   CURRENT_USER_OBJECT_ID=$(az ad signed-in-user show -o tsv --query id)

   # This could take a few minutes
   az deployment group create -n deploy-claim-check -f bicep/main.bicep -g "rg-${NAME_PREFIX}" -p namePrefix=$NAME_PREFIX principalId=$CURRENT_USER_OBJECT_ID
   ```

1. Configure the samples to use the created Azure resources.

   ```shell
   sed "s/{EVENT_HUBS_NAMESPACE}/evhns-${NAME_PREFIX}/g" ClientConsumer2/appsettings.json.template >ClientConsumer2/appsettings.json
   sed -i "s/{EVENT_PROCESSOR_STORAGE_ACCOUNT_NAME}/st${NAME_PREFIX}ehub/g" ClientConsumer2/appsettings.json

>    sed "s/{EVENT_HUBS_NAMESPACE}/evhns-${NAME_PREFIX}/g" FunctionConsumer2/local.settings.json.template > FunctionConsumer2/local.settings.json

Reviewer: There is no Event Hub in this one. Was this supposed to be where you set the service bus details?

Also referencing "2" instead of "3" here.

   ```

1. [Run Azurite](https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/storage/common/storage-use-azurite#run-azurite) blob storage emulation service.

   > The local storage emulator is required as an Azure Storage account is a required "backing resource" for Azure Functions.

1. Launch the consumer sample application that will process the claim check messages from Service Bus.

   Two applications are provided as sample that illustrate consuming the claim check message sent via Azure Event Hubs: one implemented as a Command Line Interface (CLI) application, and the other one implemented as an Azure Function, showcasing the serveless approach.

   Run the desired sample application, CLI or Function to connect to the messaging system and process messages as they arrive.

   1. For the CLI sample

   ```bash

>    dotnet run --project sample-2\ClientConsumer3

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   dotnet run --project sample-3\ClientConsumer3
```

   ```

   1. For the Function sample

   ```bash

>    cd sample-2\FunctionConsumer3

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   cd sample-3\FunctionConsumer3
```

   func start
   ```

>   > Please note: For demo purposes, the console application prints payload content on the screen. So keep that in mind if you want to try sending really large payloads.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  > Please note: For demo purposes, the console application prints payload content on the screen. Keep that in mind before you try sending really large payloads.
```

>   > Please note: For demo purposes, the console application prints payload content on the screen. So keep that in mind if you want to try sending really large payloads.

Reviewer: Shouldn't this note just be under the console one, not the function one?  Also, unless I missed it, it's just logging to Information.  Are those printed to the screen?  (I didn't run this one to check)
